=Abstract Analyzer

This is a Rack based analyzer. The idea is to use different methods and libraries to track requests on Rack app and report those back in some simple views.

I'm starting with a Fiveruns Dash analyzer that reports to a MongoDB instance. Reporting actually be it's own small Rack app and for the time being, will mostly text based.

==Requirements

I hope to trim this down, but for now...

gems:
* mongodb-mongo
* fiveruns-dash-ruby
* usher
* ruport

In addition for the tests to pass, you need mongod running on localhost:27017

==Implementation

You can use the DashAnalyzer with any rack app you'd like. Check the tests for an example.

===Rails

If Rails is your bag, I've included a middleware implementation of the DashAnalyzer. Implementing is pretty easy.

First, require the gem in RAILS_ROOT/config/environment.rb:

  Rails::Initializer.run do |config|
    # .....
    config.gem 'abstract_analyzer', :version => '>0.1.0'
    # .....
  end

Second, in RAILS_ROOT/config/initializers/middlewares.rb

  # Setup the Analyzer Store & DB
  abstract_analyzer_db = Mongo::Connection.new('localhost', 27017).db('aa-rails-dash-analyzer-db')
  
  AbstractAnalyzer.store = "mongoDB"
  AbstractAnalyzer.db = abstract_analyzer_db

  # Setup the Analyzer LOGGER
  abstract_logger = Logger.new("#{RAILS_ROOT}/log/abstract_analyzer_logger.log")
  AbstractAnalyzer.logger = abstract_logger

  # Use the Analyzer and View middlewares
  ActionController::Dispatcher.middleware.use AbstractAnalyzer::Middleware::Rails::Dash::Analyzer
  ActionController::Dispatcher.middleware.use AbstractAnalyzer::Middleware::Rails::Dash::View

Third, make sure you actually have a mongo db running on localhost:27017 or change the connection accordingly ;)

Finally, access your stats at /analytics.

==Todo

* Basic html views
* Implementing reports for Non-time based metrics
* Non-Rails middlewares?
* Non-Dash implementations?

==Props

* Carl Lerche and Yehuda Katz for their Extending Rails training at the Lone Star Ruby Conference that planted this seed 
* The company formally known as Fiveruns for open sourcing their reporter gems
* Adam Keys for explaining how the Dash gems work
* The guys a SqueeJee for saying MongoDB enough times to make me try it in something

==License

See LICENSE
